---
title: "Ballads"
date: 2022-10-17T08:00:00Z
tags:
  - music
type: post
---

> «You can play a shoestring if you're sincere.» — John Coltrane

![album cover](../images/posts/ballads-album-cover.png)

I have been playing the piano since I was a little kid. Actually, I played the
organ first, as my dad had a transistor one that was pretty state of the art for
the time (I was born in 1974 so you get the idea).

Anyway, I've been playing keyboards since forever and I've also picked up
different instruments over the years, probably too many of them as I never
really mastered one.

But black and white keys is what my brain sees when I hear music. I tend to
think in piano terms first.

Some people tell me they wish to hear me play the piano more as they don't
really enjoy me playing bass or guitar or synths or whatever it is that I'm
obsessed with at the moment.

I'm not a good piano player. I'm not even an average piano player. My technique
is lacking in so many ways I can't even begin to count them. However, I can
maybe hold my own with ballads as they allow me the freedom and the time to
think and move things around.

I believe there are many places in this album where you can clearly hear me
thinking "well, where do I go now?". That's fine with me. I'm not a professional
musician and I don't need everything to be perfect. In fact, there are several
places where you can hear me making errors, failing to reach a note or playing
something that's not really _kosher_.

You know what? I don't care. You get to hear what I played with no edits. I want
this to be sincere. It might be flawed... well, it definitely is flawed in many
ways, but at least it's me you are hearing.

The songs in this album are tunes that have kept me company for years. Except
maybe for _Lotus Blossom_, which I discovered quite recently while watching
[Field](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Field_of_Dreams)
[Of](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0097351/)
[Dreams](https://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/field_of_dreams). I have been
listening to Jazz all my life and I had to discover this Billy Strayhorn
masterpiece through Kevin Costner, can you believe that?

Anyway, I hope you like my very contrieved shoestring playing.

You can listen to Ballads for free by clicking
[this link](https://album.link/ballads).
